Mikhail Kalinin: Hello, guys.
Justin Traglia: I don't think.
Nazar Hussain: Morning, okay.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, let's Wait for, I don't know, four more minutes and get started.
Mikhail Kalinin: Hello, Goma.
Nazar Hussain: Thank you.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, I think we can go ahead and get started.
Mikhail Kalinin: So welcome, everyone, to the false confirmation rule breakout number 10.
Mikhail Kalinin: Here is the agenda.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, it's likely to be.
Mikhail Kalinin: a short call.
Mikhail Kalinin: And, we will start with, client updates.
Mikhail Kalinin: great. Let's Yeah, let's start with Grandine.
Boma: Hello, so, there's really not much, updates, since the last, call.
Boma: But I already pinged, Thomas on the group for review on the PR itself, so… Hopefully…
Boma: Very soon, we'll get it with you.
Mikhail Kalinin: Cool,
Mikhail Kalinin: Thank you, and to confirm, you pass all the,
Mikhail Kalinin: Reference tests that we have so far.
Boma: For the FCL test, yes, but the general tests, I think Grandine is not passing all the tests for the spec test.
Boma: But for FCR-specific text, yes.
Mikhail Kalinin: Okay, cool. Alright.
Mikhail Kalinin: Thank you. Yeah, that's great. Looking forward to reviews from you.
Mikhail Kalinin: From you.
Mikhail Kalinin: Team.
Mikhail Kalinin: Next,
Mikhail Kalinin: Lodestar.
Nazar Hussain: I agree.
Nazar Hussain: We released the first confirmation rule, and our public release is 1.44.0.
Nazar Hussain: And… During our testing, we found some performance edge cases around the people boundaries.
Nazar Hussain: And there was some research, around the April country, so.
Nazar Hussain: We released it to the public, but with some…
Nazar Hussain: Banner or kind of a notice that there's an experimental feature, so.
Nazar Hussain: If you can't be joined, rely on medical counselors or something.
Nazar Hussain: This feature, yes.
Nazar Hussain: And in addition, I found one fix for…
Nazar Hussain: Performance related to this EPOC Foundry edge case.
Nazar Hussain: And this fix is working and deployed on our feature group for, like, 4 days now. I deployed on Friday.
Nazar Hussain: And it feels like everything is more smoother, and there's no reset afterward.
Nazar Hussain: Since I deployed this fix.
Nazar Hussain: So we will be testing this fix further, and then, releasing this fix in our upcoming release.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, awesome. Yeah, that sounds great.
Mikhail Kalinin: Maybe you want to share more of the — yeah, sorry.
Nazar Hussain: Yeah, I did some analysis on… One of the reset cases.
Nazar Hussain: And I shared with you.
Nazar Hussain: If you think, like, it's a good enough case study for anyone to share it, then I can share with everyone via Telegram.
Mikhail Kalinin: Cool.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, I think makes sense to share it.
Mikhail Kalinin: And yeah, it's…
Mikhail Kalinin: Do you want to share more detail on what was the issue that could cause resets before?
Nazar Hussain: So, like, the first observation that I had, and first…
Nazar Hussain: the impression that I've had was that because our safety threshold
Nazar Hussain: It, like, keep increasing with every slot,
Nazar Hussain: Let's say we had a slot…
Nazar Hussain: 28, on index 28, which was confirmed.
Nazar Hussain: Boss confirmed, but… When the head moved onto the slot 31, on The required… spoiled for…
Nazar Hussain: Reconfirming all the slots were… higher, but
Nazar Hussain: Forms were not received enough for the last few slots.
Nazar Hussain: So when we crossed the epoch boundary, we went back to reconfirm all the plots.
Nazar Hussain: And during this, we had to reset and fall back to some other, like, lower blocks to confirm.
Nazar Hussain: And so far, my analytics, like, first impression was that this is a performance edge case.
Nazar Hussain: On the Epoch Boundary and FCR was taking too much time, but later, while digging in further.
Nazar Hussain: gossip sub-channels and other. I found out that this particular node had low…
Nazar Hussain: Like, lower the ceiling of our test station, so, compared to the other ones, so…
Nazar Hussain: It did not receive enough votes for the vlog 29 and vlog 30.
Nazar Hussain: And that was one of the reasons that,
Nazar Hussain: It had to reset and solve it.
Nazar Hussain: Just some roadblock.
Nazar Hussain: This analysis is in one of our documents that I will share with everyone to tell you.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, I see. Great. So.
Mikhail Kalinin: So it was about the node did not receive enough attestations in one in the last or one of the.
Mikhail Kalinin: Last slots of an ebook, right? Yeah.
Nazar Hussain: Yeah, it was slot 30 and slot 29, which received very low loss.
Mikhail Kalinin: Got it.
Mikhail Kalinin: And you said that this was just with one node, an issue with one node.
Mikhail Kalinin: And not the others you have observed.
Nazar Hussain: Yeah. Like, I observed other notes.
Nazar Hussain: having the reset on different times, but not in this particular case where I was doing the our search.
Nazar Hussain: But on this particular time scale or time window, I checked other NORs and they had different and higher attestations received compared to the particular NOR which I was just waiting for.
Nazar Hussain: This, like, my analysis was that this was a network effect.
Nazar Hussain: That we did not receive enough.
Nazar Hussain: support for this particular chain which was moving with the head and that's why it has to fall back. Reset and go back.
Nazar Hussain: To the finalized, and then started confirming the finalized.
Nazar Hussain: Up to the… let's see, it was slot 25 or 24.
Nazar Hussain: So it falls back around 4 or 3 blocks.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, I see.
Mikhail Kalinin: And one another related question. So is it like because.
Mikhail Kalinin: something happens with the nodes that you observe? I mean, like, you've mentioned that you saw also resets on other nodes as well, but at a different time. So the question is, basically, is it, like, a general problem with the network?
Mikhail Kalinin: that happened at that epoch, or those epochs? Or is it just, like, with, with the nodes you're… you run and you… you look at?
Nazar Hussain: So one common effect for all the nodes were that most of such incidents happen around the epoch boundary.
Nazar Hussain: And, and again, it's not,
Nazar Hussain: It's not the issue with the…
Nazar Hussain: specs, but it's just the case that on the EPOP boundary, we go and reconfirm all the blocks from the last gesture I checked on, so…
Nazar Hussain: I, I think it's, I'll see.
Nazar Hussain: Based on this poor performance, I would say it's still, like, doubling.
Nazar Hussain: Closed, or very narrow.
Nazar Hussain: Edge case, where you actually have a very low traffic, or some problem with the network.
Nazar Hussain: But I cannot, yep.
Nazar Hussain: conclude that this is something related to the FCR. If you have a low attestation, then definitely we will see this effect.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, yeah. And yeah, this is what I'm trying to understand, whether it's like a common problem for the mainnet.
Mikhail Kalinin: I mean, like, or whether it's a problem with the…
Mikhail Kalinin: The nodes that you run,
Mikhail Kalinin: Or, you know, like other clients, it would be good to hear from other clients if they.
Mikhail Kalinin: Observed anything like that.
Nazar Hussain: So within our server stack, I think…
Nazar Hussain: It was just those two particular nodes, which was… I'll have more research.
Nazar Hussain: or… But,
Nazar Hussain: Yeah, other than that, like, since I deployed this fix from Friday, I've never seen a single reset.
Nazar Hussain: On the main deck.
Mikhail Kalinin: Okay, cool.
Mikhail Kalinin: Great, so I think… yeah.
Nazar Hussain: There's one other… one other observation I would like to share is…
Nazar Hussain: It's the actual behavior during the node syncing.
Nazar Hussain: Okay. Maybe this is something we should also, like, think on other clients as well.
Nazar Hussain: So, on one of my notes, which was syncing and taking too much time, and it was, like, out of memory.
Nazar Hussain: For some reason.
Nazar Hussain: I saw node reset count increase, 250 plus.
Mikhail Kalinin: Oh, yeah, I see.
Nazar Hussain: So, like, 250 plus was, like, a very weird number, like, very high number, so… and this keeps happening, like, several times, because…
Nazar Hussain: north started sinking, and then it crashed, and then it started sinking again, and then it crashed. So my graph was, like, kind of a…
Nazar Hussain: Jigsaw, where it was going up and down, up and down, and it was going up till 250.
Nazar Hussain: So, during this.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah.
Nazar Hussain: In the process, I was thinking that we might…
Nazar Hussain: Like, fine-tune this, like, this particular edge case that…
Nazar Hussain: We should not trigger the FCR.
Nazar Hussain: During the shrinking.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, I think it makes sense to not trigger the FCR.
Mikhail Kalinin: Unless a node is fully caught up with the head.
Nazar Hussain: Yes.
Mikhail Kalinin: And yeah, and then just start from, you know, from the closest restart point.
Mikhail Kalinin: After after the sync is finished.
Nazar Hussain: I was working on this one.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, great. I think it makes sense. We had a discussion with Nimbus team as well about this.
Mikhail Kalinin: And, yeah.
Mikhail Kalinin: come to agreement that makes sense to enable FCR only after node is fully synced.
Nazar Hussain: Good.
Mikhail Kalinin: And related to… To the issue with the participation.
Mikhail Kalinin: I think we, yeah, I think we should just ask.
Mikhail Kalinin: In the chat.
Mikhail Kalinin: The Telegram group, if I went here.
Mikhail Kalinin: Anyone else observed the same?
Mikhail Kalinin: I mean, like, other clients.
Mikhail Kalinin: Okay.
Nazar Hussain: Sure, I will post some questions, okay? I'll also share my analysis.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, yeah, great, yeah. Yeah, that's awesome.
Mikhail Kalinin: Anything else, Nazar?
Nazar Hussain: No, I'm just sorry for myself.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, thanks for the great update.
Mikhail Kalinin: Looking forward for you to release those fixes.
Nazar Hussain: Okay.
Mikhail Kalinin: Cool.
Mikhail Kalinin: Any other client updates?
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, I have some.
Mikhail Kalinin: Terence basically posted it in the,
Mikhail Kalinin: In the call issue and, yeah.
Mikhail Kalinin: They are blocked by their passing inspectors. They have a limitation, but they're blocked by human review.
Mikhail Kalinin: At this moment.
Mikhail Kalinin: So… Also… From, from, from Lighthouse,
Mikhail Kalinin: There was a regression that we mentioned in the previous call.
Mikhail Kalinin: It seems they have, resolve this. The problem found the issue, and
Mikhail Kalinin: Have a fix for this, and they do mainnet runs.
Mikhail Kalinin: To… to check, and… and as far as I'm concerned, they… Don't observe the resets anymore.
Mikhail Kalinin: On their notes, which is great,
Mikhail Kalinin: Also looking forward for them to to get it released. And from Teku, they.
Mikhail Kalinin: They are certain their implementation as well, the production ready implementation.
Mikhail Kalinin: So that's I think that's all for the client updates.
Mikhail Kalinin: Barnabas, what, what do you exactly mean?
Barnabas: Like, how can we, like, if I would want to roll this out on concert on the net, whatever, like 6.
Barnabas: Let's say that the clients have support for that. How could we verify that their implementation is good?
Mikhail Kalinin: You mean like that they support the FCR?
Barnabas: Yep.
Mikhail Kalinin: or that the FCR is actually making some progress.
Barnabas: Oh.
Mikhail Kalinin: on the chain.
Barnabas: Yeah, so like, I want to verify it on chain that it's making progress so that I can.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, yeah. There is, yeah, one thing that you can observe is the event stream.
Mikhail Kalinin: The pause confirmation event is on the event stream for a beacon node.
Mikhail Kalinin: If FCR is enabled, it should.
Mikhail Kalinin: Basically producing output every slot.
Barnabas: Okay.
Barnabas: Should probably then add this feature to Dora to be able to visualize it.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah. Okay.
Mikhail Kalinin: And also… At.
Mikhail Kalinin: From what I know, Sam is running,
Mikhail Kalinin: This lighthouse or maybe other clients as well.
Mikhail Kalinin: And, yeah.
Mikhail Kalinin: You can ask Sam about it.
Barnabas: Does any of the clients support FCR on top of latest Gloas?
Mikhail Kalinin: That's a good question. I don't know.
Mikhail Kalinin: the answer.
Nazar Hussain: So you will post the question.
Barnabas: The question was whether FCR on top of Gloas is something that you guys have.
Nazar Hussain: In Lodestar, I merge my PR in the morning.
Nazar Hussain: Which one are they making?
Nazar Hussain: Our spec tests for the FC are compatible with the Gloas.
Nazar Hussain: Hopefully there is no problem.
Mikhail Kalinin: Arnabas, are you in the Fast Confirmation Rule Telegram group?
Barnabas: No.
Mikhail Kalinin: Maybe I should add you there? Do you want to?
Barnabas: Okay.
Barnabas: Feel free to add me, but
Barnabas: Yeah, I'm not really interested in… The…
Barnabas: like the implementation details. I'm mostly just interested in whether we should be able to test this or not.
Barnabas: And, like, if… If we subscribe to the event stream and we visualize it somehow.
Barnabas: What kind of application would be able to use this, like, right away?
Mikhail Kalinin: I see. Okay. And yeah, yeah, the event stream is for a beacon node. And, basically,
Mikhail Kalinin: The safe block is…
Mikhail Kalinin: is now… yeah, if the fast confirmation is enabled, the save block will point to the most recent confirmed execution payload.
Mikhail Kalinin: That's the other, part. This is where, like.
Mikhail Kalinin: This is where… Blockchain data consumers basically can.
Mikhail Kalinin: use it. This is how they can use it in their applications.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, it's fully merged. Yeah, it's in the consensus packs.
Mikhail Kalinin: And, another thing I wanted to mention is that.
Mikhail Kalinin: Some clients, like Nimbus, enable the FCR by default. Other clients, as far as I know, use a feature flag, so you have to
Mikhail Kalinin: Pass the feature flag to enable FCR.
Barnabas: Did anything break by enabling this? This is just a new event stream, right?
Barnabas: So what?
Mikhail Kalinin: It's.
Barnabas: Indeed.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, so yeah, it's an event stream. The event in the event stream and the safe block hash.
Mikhail Kalinin: In the… book choice updated.
Mikhail Kalinin: Engine API will will point to a most recent block like more recent block than it is pointing now because now it's justified.
Mikhail Kalinin: With FCR, it will be a fast confirmed block.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, it's, it's, it's definitely worth trying on, on Gloas because in Gloas we.
Mikhail Kalinin: We have a payload, the payload, before Gloas, the payload from, from the previous slot could be confirmed. But, since Gloas.
Mikhail Kalinin: The payloads of the previous.
Mikhail Kalinin: Slot will not be able to get confirmed.
Mikhail Kalinin: So we will confirm the payload of the slot before the previous one.
Mikhail Kalinin: Alright, guys, yeah, let's, let's probably,
Mikhail Kalinin: discuss this in Discord.
Mikhail Kalinin: After the call, I mean, like, sharing branches and all this stuff.
Mikhail Kalinin: Well, let's work.
Mikhail Kalinin: For you all.
Mikhail Kalinin: That's awesome.
Mikhail Kalinin: Barnabas, do you have any? Yeah, yeah.
Barnabas: Do we want to ship this before loss on each sale?
Barnabas: Or what's the… Yeah.
Barnabas: What's the expectation here? Yeah?
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, the expectation is as soon as it's ready, it's fully compatible.
Mikhail Kalinin: It's actually compatible with all previous forks. So and it should be compatible with Gloas as well.
Mikhail Kalinin: But yeah, it's a good point. We must test these in Gloas DevNets.
Mikhail Kalinin: That would be very valuable.
Barnabas: Yeah, I mean, usually how we go with testing is if you want something in like we could get keep on that. So that's why I'm asking it, because right now the current scope of Gloas is already pretty big.
Barnabas: So if we're gonna be pushing for Fcr implementation also on top of loss in order for it to be pitting
Barnabas: We lost around the time.
Barnabas: we do the main network, then I think it would be very good to start testing it on the DevNet.
Mikhail Kalinin: So it's, it's not, related to POS. It's not like tied.
Barnabas: I know, I know, I know, I know, I know there's no, like…
Barnabas: consensus-related issues or anything like that, but, like, it would be nice to know the current scope of the fork, even if it's not a breaking change for anyone.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, I see.
Barnabas: So that the client teams can also make sure that they allocate a certain amount of resources for such features.
Barnabas: Especially if they're expected to ship this before close.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, yeah, I think, yeah, yeah.
Mikhail Kalinin: Actually, time allocation was one of the main issues for FCR implementations. Yeah, but I think it's kind of in parallel.
Mikhail Kalinin: Anyway…
Barnabas: Yeah, sure. But if you have a team of five and everybody's working on Gloas and nobody's putting time into FCR because they don't assume that they need to ship it before Gloas, then
Barnabas: It just won't be done.
Mikhail Kalinin: Right.
Mikhail Kalinin: That's okay.
Mikhail Kalinin: Totally true.
Mikhail Kalinin: Boma, did you have a… guys, I saw your hand up.
Mikhail Kalinin: You want to ask?
Boma: You know, I wanted to,
Boma: asks about, like, is there, like, a specific timeline for when PR should be reviewed, and then… so that clients can start,
Boma: Each band of can start testing or something. That's.
Boma: or my question.
Mikhail Kalinin: I see, yeah. You mean like the test, the comparison test between the implementations?
Boma: Yeah, okay.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, yeah, I was asking Sam about this, and he said that they basically can do
Mikhail Kalinin: One more, or even, yeah.
Mikhail Kalinin: More test testing on that. But yeah, I would.
Mikhail Kalinin: I think that we need to wait for Lighthouse and Lodestar to Cats.
Mikhail Kalinin: All the things released.
Mikhail Kalinin: And then, yep.
Mikhail Kalinin: After that, if you're… I don't know how much time we expect these to happen.
Mikhail Kalinin: Like.
Mikhail Kalinin: But… If your team can allocate resources as soon as possible, that'd be great.
Mikhail Kalinin: But maybe in a couple of weeks so we can coordinate on the next call, next FCR breakout call. Just coordinate this testing.
Boma: Okay, I'll try to, like, see if they can review, because I don't want…
Boma: us to test, and then there is a review, then I make a change, and then…
Boma: After the change, there is no longer… we are no longer testing it, which we don't know if something broke or something is missing.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, I see.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, makes sense. I, I also think that,
Mikhail Kalinin: For this testing, we could use a branch, not… even if it's not merged into master.
Mikhail Kalinin: All right.
Mikhail Kalinin: I think it's all for the client updates.
Mikhail Kalinin: No, please let me know.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah.
Mikhail Kalinin: And yeah, let's move to the spec and testing updates.
Mikhail Kalinin: It would have, there are no spec.
Mikhail Kalinin: Related things, there is only this PR with,
Mikhail Kalinin: a bunch of, new tests. It's… it's been merged, there are tests for some edge cases, and,
Mikhail Kalinin: With this PR, like the manual test,
Mikhail Kalinin: Suite is for FCR can be considered as ready.
Mikhail Kalinin: So we covered all the cases that we have planned to.
Mikhail Kalinin: Also, I tried to.
Mikhail Kalinin: I tried to… yeah, a few calls ago,
Mikhail Kalinin: There was a discussion about whether we should.
Mikhail Kalinin: have a mainnet, a test with mainnet configuration. I try to generate it, to basically generate test vectors with mainnet.
Mikhail Kalinin: Configuration for some of the tests, and it took a lot of time.
Mikhail Kalinin: It was like about 3 hours for just one test, which runs for, you know, for maybe 5 or 6 epochs.
Mikhail Kalinin: So I think it's a big issue for test generation and.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, it would require faster.
Mikhail Kalinin: Oh.
Mikhail Kalinin: spec to actually produce those test vectors. But I think we are pretty much fine with the minimal.
Mikhail Kalinin: Preset.
Mikhail Kalinin: All right.
Mikhail Kalinin: That's all for spec and tests. Any questions here?
Mikhail Kalinin: Okay, then metrics and APIs, there is a metrics PR that was merged,
Mikhail Kalinin: Which is also great.
Mikhail Kalinin: I'm Yeah, just wanted to share that this PR has been merged, and…
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, it would be great to see those metrics implemented across all clients.
Mikhail Kalinin: Oh.
Mikhail Kalinin: So we can do more.
Mikhail Kalinin: Comparison after… After release, it's on the mainnet.
Mikhail Kalinin: Okay.
Mikhail Kalinin: and yeah, now to the research updates.
Roberto Saltini: Yeah, so, we… Finished reviewing the proofs, the algorithm, they'll check out.
Roberto Saltini: But while reviewing the proofs, we noticed that
Roberto Saltini: The pseudocode in the paper has some difference from the
Roberto Saltini: Algorithm as specified by the Python specs.
Roberto Saltini: And so, we just need to add an appendix to the paper explaining that these
Roberto Saltini: What these differences are, and… Showing that, that don't affect the correctness of the protocol.
Roberto Saltini: Shouldn't be too long.
Mikhail Kalinin: Great. So is this basically one thing left before?
Mikhail Kalinin: releasing the paper.
Roberto Saltini: Sorry?
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, is this just the only one thing that you have mentioned now? Is this the only one left over?
Mikhail Kalinin: Before we can publish the paper.
Roberto Saltini: Yeah, this seems to be… The only one.
Roberto Saltini: Thing that is left over.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, sure.
Mikhail Kalinin: That sounds great. Thanks, Roberto.
Roberto Saltini: Who else?
Mikhail Kalinin: On the research.
Mikhail Kalinin: topic.
Mikhail Kalinin: I would like us to think about.
Mikhail Kalinin: The… Late block improvement.
Mikhail Kalinin: That we did not introduce because of… Some proof work,
Mikhail Kalinin: Was not, was kind of hard and difficult to.
Mikhail Kalinin: come with a proof to the, the proposed solution that we had before. So why, why I'm, like.
Mikhail Kalinin: I think it's valuable because with this proposed solution to recover from late logs, we observed like
Mikhail Kalinin: 1 or 1.5%.
Mikhail Kalinin: But… Performance increase.
Mikhail Kalinin: This was observed on a prototype in Teku.
Mikhail Kalinin: And, comparing to other clients, Teku, yeah, confirms.
Mikhail Kalinin: Oh.
Mikhail Kalinin: Like one slot confirmation in Teku happens.
Mikhail Kalinin: More frequent than comparing to other clients that do not have this implementation because, sorry, this optimization, because this optimization is not in the spec, basically.
Mikhail Kalinin: So we should think about whether we want to put some efforts into that.
Mikhail Kalinin: This is not only a
Mikhail Kalinin: Paperwork, not only a proof work, but also will be a spec work and tests and climate implementations work as well. But this change should be relatively minor.
Mikhail Kalinin: At least it seems so.
Roberto Saltini: Yeah, I mean, from a proof side of things, I think could be.
Roberto Saltini: Quite time-consuming, too.
Roberto Saltini: Prove that this change is correct.
Roberto Saltini: yep.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yep.
Roberto Saltini: So, and then, then, you know, that Two time.
Roberto Saltini: It will take time from other dedicated time too.
Roberto Saltini: Work on Future Forks, like on the Casper Consensus, for example. So.
Roberto Saltini: That is my concern.
Roberto Saltini: You know, in terms of… yeah.
Roberto Saltini: Whether this is worth it.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, I see, yeah. Boma?
Boma: Yes, I wanted to ask, is there like a particular link to get the details of this optimization?
Boma: So I'm not sure if you do understand.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, sure, I'll try to find it.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, I'll try to find a place in the code in Teku and share it in the chat.
Mikhail Kalinin: In the group, in the Telegram group.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, Roberto makes sense. I think, yeah, we should first on the research side, think about whether we want this change and how much time it will take to.
Mikhail Kalinin: To get this done on the proof side and then decide basically whether it makes sense to.
Mikhail Kalinin: To make it.
Roberto Saltini: What is the improvement? What is the improvement that we we get?
Roberto Saltini: With this change in terms of performance?
Mikhail Kalinin: It's about 1.5111.5%.
Roberto Saltini: More blocks confirmed in one slot, you mean?
Mikhail Kalinin: Yes, yes.
Mikhail Kalinin: Yeah, I think it's pretty valuable.
Roberto Saltini: Yeah, no, I mean, yeah. I mean, I think like the spec change from what the record wouldn't be.
Roberto Saltini: Massive.
Roberto Saltini: Yeah, hey.
Roberto Saltini: Yeah. Nice.
Mikhail Kalinin: Doesn't seems massive.
Mikhail Kalinin: All right, I'll post more about this improvement in the group.
Mikhail Kalinin: All right.
Mikhail Kalinin: Are there anything?
Mikhail Kalinin: We want to discuss today.
Mikhail Kalinin: Great. Thank you so much, guys.
Mikhail Kalinin: Great progress. And it seems like all the things are.
Mikhail Kalinin: Conversion.
Mikhail Kalinin: And yeah, see you in a couple of weeks.
Roberto Saltini: But yeah.
Barnabas: Peter B.
Mikhail Kalinin: Bye.